#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#

absl-py==1.3.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.3
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
ansi2html==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-dash
asttokens==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   fuzzysearch
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
bbox-visualizer==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
black==22.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
blis==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   thinc
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
category-encoders==2.5.1.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   typer
    #   wandb
confection==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   thinc
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
cymem==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cython==3.0.0a11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pmdarima
dash==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   plotly-resampler
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sktime
distlib==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
docker==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
filelock==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
fire==0.4.0
    # via lightning-utilities
flake8==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
    #   flask-cors
    #   jupyter-dash
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-resampler
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2022.11.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
fuzzysearch==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.29
    # via wandb
google-auth==2.14.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.50.0
    # via tensorboard
huggingface-hub==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imbalanced-learn==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   markdown
    #   pycaret
ipykernel==6.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-dash
ipython==8.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   pycaret
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jarowinkler==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rapidfuzz
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   pycaret
    #   spacy
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-plot
jupyter-client==8.0.0a3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
jupyter-dash==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-resampler
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
lightgbm==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
lightning-utilities==0.3.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
llvmlite==0.38.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   pycaret
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-plot
    #   yellowbrick
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy==0.961
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   mypy
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-dash
networkx==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.55.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   sktime
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   category-encoders
    #   contourpy
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sktime
    #   spacy
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   tensorboard
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   yellowbrick
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-resampler
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   spacy
    #   statsmodels
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via wandb
pathy==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pdf2image==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pdfminer-six==20220524
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
plotly==5.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pycaret
plotly-resampler==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
pmdarima==1.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
    #   tbats
preshed==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
promise==2.3
    # via wandb
prompt-toolkit==3.0.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   wandb
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   pycaret
    #   wandb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycaret==3.0.0rc4
    # via -r requirements.in
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pyod==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pypdf2==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
pyzmq==25.0.0b1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
rapidfuzz==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   pycaret
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
retrying==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-dash
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
schemdraw==0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
scikit-learn==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-plot
    #   sktime
    #   tbats
    #   yellowbrick
scikit-plot==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-plot
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   yellowbrick
sentry-sdk==1.11.1
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.2
    # via wandb
shapely==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shortuuid==1.0.11
    # via wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   fire
    #   flask-cors
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   patsy
    #   promise
    #   pyod
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   virtualenv
    #   wandb
sktime==0.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pathy
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
spacy==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
srsly==2.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   sktime
tbats==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly
tensorboard==2.11.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
termcolor==2.1.1
    # via fire
textdistance==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
thinc==8.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   mypy
torch==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==0.10.3
    # via pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pycaret
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
trace-updater==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-resampler
traitlets==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pypdf2
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pmdarima
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wand==0.6.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfplumber
wandb==0.13.5
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   lightgbm
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
yarl==1.8.1
    # via aiohttp
yellowbrick==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
zipp==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
